While some people consider global warming to be the most pressing environmental problem which we have at the moment, others believe that deforest has a more devastating impact on our world.
Discuss both sides and give your opinion.

We have a couple of environmental problems at the moment. First one is the global warming and the second one is deforestation. Some people say that deforest has more impact on the world than global warming. I do not think these two problems are not different but related each other. Therefore, I believe those two problems are considered as the same level. Now I introduce my detail opinions.

First, I think those problems should be handled together, not separately because they are related each other. One of the main reasons of global warming is because of carbon-dioxide emission. To reduce this amount of carbon dioxide in the air we need more forest and keep forest. However, deforest makes this problem worse at the moment. If we try to preserve our nature and enlarge forest more than now, I believe we can reduce the impact of the global warming. One of the best way to diminish current global warming problem is that we should enlarge forest area more.

Second, the root cause of the problems are the same although there are different causes for each problem. Lots of countries, especially developing countries, are building factories. Those factories emit huge gases and make the Earth warming. In addition, to build factories or keep them operated, people also cut very large forest area. The movement to industrial era brings us under those serious environmental problems. We need to find a way to tackle these two issues together. 

We are facing these serious global environmental issues at the moment. I do not think which is more important than the other additionally, those issues are related with each other. We should consider these two problems together, not separately. The first step to resolve this issues, I believe increasing forest areas help to reduce carbon-dioxide in the air as well as factories should find a way to reduce by themselves.

